Renaming pages (#9066)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_install-dbt-extension.md

| **Editor** | [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en), or [Windsurf](https://windsurf.com/editor) code editor. |
| **Operating systems** | macOS, Windows, or Linux-based computer. |
|  **Configure your local setup** (Optional) | [Configure the extension](/docs/configure-dbt-extension) to mirror your dbt environment locally and set any environment variables locally to use the VS Code extension features. |

> | **Run dbt-autofix** (Optional) | [Run dbt-autofix](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version#dbt-autofix) to fix any errors and deprecations in your dbt project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Run dbt-autofix** (Optional) | [Run dbt-autofix](/guides/prepare-fusion-upgrade?step=5#what-the-autofix-tool-handles) to fix any errors and deprecations in your dbt project. |
```
